
1. In a try...catch block, where should you place the code that might throw an error?


    Inside the catch block.


2.  How can you update the state of a functional component in React?

     By calling the useState hook with new values.


3.  What is a template literal in ES6 used for?

    Creating multiline string literals with interpolation.


4.   Which ES6 feature allows you to destructure an object in a single line of code?

     Object destructuring


5.  Which JavaScript method allows you to explicitly set the value of this within a function?
 

    apply()


6.  What is the key difference between state and props in React?


    Props are immutable, while state can be changed.


7.  What does the spread operator (...) do in ES6?

    Copies the properties of an object to another object


8.  In React, what is the primary purpose of the constructor method in a class component?
 

      To define the component's initial state.


9.  In ES6, which keyword is used to declare a constant variable?


     const


10.  What does the await keyword do in an async function in JavaScript?


    It waits for a promise to resolve and returns its resolved value.


11.  Which of the following methods is used to handle a resolved Promise in JavaScript?


     then()


12.  What is the purpose of the arrow function syntax (=>) in ES6?


     It simplifies the syntax for writing short, single-expression functions.


13.  What is the key difference between class components and functional components in
     React?


       Class components use the constructor method, while functional components use hooks.



14.   In JavaScript, what is the primary use case for using call or apply methods?
    
      
       To invoke functions with a specific context and arguments.


15.   What is the main difference between the call and apply methods in JavaScript?


      call allows you to pass multiple arguments as a comma-separated list, while apply accepts arguments
      as an array.


16.    Which of the following is NOT a valid way to handle errors in an asynchronous operation?


       Using try...catch blocks within the asynchronous code.



17.   What is the purpose of a Promise in JavaScript?


      To handle errors and exceptions in a synchronous manner.


18.   In React, what is the difference between props and state?


     props are used for communication between parent and child components, while state is used for internal component data.



19.    How do you pass a function as a prop to a child component in React?



       Wrap it in a callback function within the parent component.


20.   In React, what is the primary purpose of the render method in a class component?

  
        To return JSX that represents the component's UI.


21.   In a functional component, what hook is used to introduce local state?



       useState


22.    In a Promise chain, what is the purpose of the catch method?


         To handle and recover from errors that occur in the then callbacks.



23.   In React JSX, how do you render a JavaScript expression inside a JSX element?


        Use the {{ }} syntax.


24.   Which of the following methods should be used to bind an event handler function to a
      class component in React?

         bind method in the constructor



25.  Which of the following code snippets demonstrates the correct usage of the apply   method to invoke a 
     function with an array of arguments?
           // Snippet A
                      function greet(name, age) {
 			 console.log(`Hello, ${name}. You are ${age} years old.`);
				}
		     greet.apply(null, ['Alice', 30]);

	  // Snippet B
			function sayHi() {
  				console.log(`Hi, ${arguments[0]}.`);
				}
			sayHi.apply(null, 'Bob');


       Snippet A
     


26.   How can you conditionally render a component in React JSX based on a variable
      showComponent?

      showComponent && }





 
     


    

